We use the mapper and reducer in Graph-Maker folder to generate the weights as per the requirements given in the question.
The algorithm used will be same the one used for unit weighted graphs. Then we use the sed command to do cleaning like removing the single quotes and replacing it with spaces.

Our input for this part is road_weighted.txt. In this, we made an adjacency list with the weights provided after the ':'. 
The weight is calculated according to the formula given in the question.

If the distance of some line is mentioned to be 2000000, consider that the node was not discovered. But rest other nodes are discovered and we can see that from the text file.
We will use the file road_weighted.txt, generated by above steps for this question

The output is stored in output.txt.

We have not only calculated the distance from the source node but also the path that is followed by the edges to reach the destination using the minimum distance!!
Output.txt contains multiple columns. The first column conatins the destination node. 
We consider 0 to be the source node for this part. 
The second column is the shortest distance from 0 to the destination node. Or in other words, the second number in a line is the minumum distance from 0 to the node which is the first number of the line.
Further some columns contain the adjacency list of the node in column 1 separated by commas.
The last column shows the path that is followed to calculate the minimum distance.
So, we have also calculated an extra metric, the path!

ALGORITHM:
We have considered the distance between nodes that are not in the adjacency list of 0 to be at a distance of 2000000, which is the representation of infinite.
And all the nodes connected to 0 are considered to be at a distance 1.
We use parallel BFS and Dijkstra to calculate the distance. When some node is discovered using parallel BFS, we update it's distance from 2000000 to it's calculated current distance.
We iteratively compute each node's distance to the source node (0 in this case) and we stop when all the nodes are visited.
We update the distance of each children from 0 with parent distance + parent-child distance.
The node is selected according to the lowest distance of previous node.

If some line is showing it's second number to be 2000000, it means that this node has still not been discovered in the parallel BFS.
Commands used are:

chmod a+x launch_local.sh
./launch_local.sh road_weighted.txt [-v]

We stopped the operation after 4.5 hours.
Till then the result that was generated is stored in output.txt

